we included both the automatic clutch
and the standard versions of the Yamaha
FJ are 1,300 in this sport touring
compare oh the AE version is only
available in silver it was the Dark
Horse of this trio
this color is subtle but it looks great
we've always thought the FG are sharp
anyways as you can see here the version
has no clutch lever standard fjr does
both versions get the adjustable
windshield on the road you can't tell
much of a difference between the two FJ
RS they both look fast handle very well
and like the BMW are equipped with ABS
as standard the controls and dash on the
FJ are barren compared to the Beemer but
all the necessary data is there the
standard FJ r has this empty spot while
the AE gets grip warmers as a part of
its standard equipment
both FJ ARS get a glove box with a handy
power outlet and slick integrated hard
luggage
like two peas in a pod the fjr duo
offers up something no other bike does
the mondo motor still outperforms the
competition plus you can get the a-team
urgent to be found to be both
entertaining and simultaneously in
capable hands the standard fjr is tough
to beat it's a combination of looks
performance and comfort that wing
combined with a fairly affordable price
tag make it a stru sport touring icon
you